My name is Dima. I am a student of the second year of study. I study at the university. My hobby is music. When I have free time I usually go to the biggest music shop in my town and buy CDs with my favourite music. I have a big collection of CDs at home, but I can not resist the temptation of buying a new CD. That what I like to buy most of all.

But when it comes to buying new clothes, I am really at a loss. I do not follow fashion very much. That's why I almost always have problems with finding the clothes that suit me. When I need new clothes, I usually go to a shop with my fried or relatives. Some of them are fond of fashion and may advise me the clothes that are becoming and suit me best.

As for food, I like to go to a supermarket and buy there everything my family needs. I often go shopping with my mother. She buys healthy food for our family fruits and vegetables, fish, honey, cheese and turkey. As for me, I buy what I most of all: biscuits, candied fruit jelly, shrimps and sweets. I buy them not only for myself but also for the whole family. That's what I like shopping for. I can buy things that I like and it raises my mood.

Let me introduce myself. My name is Mariya I am a 20-year-old student from Donetsk. I study at the university in my native town and my future profession is bookkeeping. I live with my parents and my elder sister Lena. We are a friendly family. Lena is 2 years older than me. We share our room and tell all our secrets to each other.

We are very much alike: open-hearted, smart and merry. That's why we have a lot of friends. I like organizing parties for our friends as we often gather to­gether, discuss our plans and have fun. My hobby is music. I play the guitar and write my own songs. They say, I have a nice voice. My family and friends often ask me to sing to guitar their favorite songs. Cooking is also my hobby. My Mom cooks very well. She has taught me how to cook a lot of delicious dishes from Ukrainian and Russian cuisine. My favorite dish is French soup, which I cook for the whole family.

In the evening, I often watch TV with my family and discuss my plans for the next day. On weekends, I often meet my friends or stay at home and read books. I like novels by Dariya Dontsova. I sometimes discuss her style and ideas with my sister. Literature, cooking, TV — I have a lot of topics to talk about and make new friends.

I am sure learning foreign languages is very important nowadays. People start learning a foreign language, because they want to have a better job, a possibility to study abroad or take part in international conferences. People want to have a possibility to get a higher education abroad or even start their career there. The most popular among foreign languages are English, German, Italian, French and Spanish.

I have chosen English as a foreign language, because it is the most widespread language on the Earth. About one billion people speak or understand English. English is the language of international communication in many areas of life: trade, tourism and sport. The latest results of scientific investigations are also translated into English. Many books of the best modern writers and poets are translated into English. Sometimes, it is the only way to read and understand the latest works of foreign authors, Japanese or Turkish, for example.

Language is a means of communication. We learn it in order to find new friends abroad and get acquainted with other cultures. Some of my friends have already moved to the USA and Canada. They often write me letters in English and I am glad that I can understand them without anybody's help. This communication helps me to learn new English words and master my speaking skills.